###################################
October 21, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of
October 21, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we update the edX Course Staff Release Notes.

*******************************
edX Discussions
*******************************

* After you mark a response to a question post as the correct answer, a
  confirmation message appears. The hyperlink in this message now correctly opens a profile with your contributions to the course discussions.

*************
edX Studio
*************

* The Protein Builder Tool now correctly uses font sizing set by user browser
  preferences. (TNL-256)

  
**************************
edX Data & Analytics
**************************

* For compatibility with database import tools, a field in the ``child_render``
  event was renamed. The ``event`` member field in now named ``child_id``
  instead of ``child-id``.
  

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

All guides now include a section that lists browsers supported for use with the
edX platform.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.

  Recent changes include:

  * Course authors can set both a course-wide **Maximum Attempts** value on the
    Advanced Settings page and a problem-specific **Maximum Attempts** value.
    The interaction between these settings has been clarified.

  * 

* `Using edX Insights`_

* `EdX Guide for Students`_

* `Creating Peer Assessments`_

* `edX Research Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  * Instructions for downloading the weekly tracking event log file have been
    removed. These log files are now available only daily.

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

* `edX Open Learning XML Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  * Additional explanation in the `Problems and Tools`_ section.
  * Reorganization of the `Problems and Tools`_ and `Course
    Components`_ sections.
  * Clarifications to how an OLX course is organized in the `ODL Directory
    Structure`_ section.
  * Updates to the descriptions for embedding content in container objects for
    HTML, video, and discussion components in the `Course Components`_ section.
  * 

* `edX Platform API Version 5.0`_

  The alpha documentation for the edX platform API is now available.


**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst